Update serialization doc for Preview 5 (#37433)
dotnet/corefx: src/System.Text.Json/docs/SerializerProgrammingModel.md

## Enum Supprt
By default, Enums are treated as longs in the JSON. This is most efficient. There will be future support to be based on strings; likely through an attribute to change the default for a given property and an option on `JsonSerializerOptions` to change the default globally.

## ICollection and Array Converter feature
By default there is an internal converter that supports any concrete class that implements IList<T> and an Array converter that supports jagged arrays (`foo[][]`) but not multidimensional (`foo[,]`).

Work is underway to support collections in the System.Collections.Immutable namespace and others automatically.

## Extensibility and manual (de)serialization
This is a pending feature and design work and requirement gathering is underway. There will likely be two types of converters: a "value" converter for primitive types that have a single value in JSON (such as a number or string) and an "object" converter that allows access to the reader and writer and will have before- and after- callbacks. These converters will be registered with `JsonSerializerOptions`.

# API comparison to Json.NET
## Simple scenario
Json.NET:
```cs
    Person person = ...;

>     string json = JsonConvert.SerializeObject(person);

Reviewer: It would be really useful to flesh these samples out a bit more and add to the porting guide: https://github.com/dotnet/corefx/blob/master/src/System.Text.Json/porting_guide/README.md#guide-to-porting-from-newtonsoftjson-to-systemtextjson

## Pending features that will affect the public API

### Loosely-typed arrays and objects

> Support for the equivalent of `JArray.Load(serializer)` and `JObject.Load(serializer)` to process out-of-order properties or loosely-typed objects that have to be manually (de)serialized. This is being done

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for the equivalent of `JArray.Load(serializer)` and `JObject.Load(serializer)` to process out-of-order properties or loosely-typed objects that have to be manually (de)serialized. This is on the roadmap for a later 3.0 preview.
```
